And the first thing that we're going to write here we're going to say team this and then we're going
to say we're here patting again for the pixels like this.
Then after that we're going to have a background and this is going to be hash tag 9 5 9 5 9 5 0 0 0.
And after that we're going to go to the rec team.
Team member member here like this.
And over here we're going to say that team member is also going to have a different background so we're
going to say we're here F5 F5.
So this is going to be a background.
F5 F5.
And we need hash tag.
F5 F5 F5.
And so we're going to have this white background.
Then after that we're going to say margin 20 pixels top bottom zero to the sides like this.
Then after that we're going to have a team member.
We're going to say I am g over here and we're going to see this play lark here and then we're going
to have a with hundred percent 100 percent.
And so now I can see that it's great searching left or right or here or we're going to say that this
is going to have a max height here and this and again we're going to have 300 pixels something like
this.
Then after that we're going to have a image footer.
So now we're talking about this guy over here and we're going to say I am g for.
I don't know what he's going to say first putting 20 pixels in this.
Then we're going to have a display flex and justified content space between.
So basically what I'm saying is I want to move this line all the way to the right.
So I'm going to say we're here just play and I'm going to say flex right now I can see that all of them
are in one line.
But what I would want to actually do I'm going to have a justified content space over here and I'm going
to play say space between some space between here right now actually we would probably need to go back
and figure out why these icons are over here.
Right.
So if we kind of swing back to the next stage now I think we're going to notice one thing right.
So this release image footer right.
We should have a footer info on here and the social icons should be in there right.
So what we're going to do or here is going to cut this one out just as a try right hand or here we're
going to place this still inside this div right.
So this will be the look that we want.
And now wouldn't what we would need to do is I was going to get rid of the social icons on here and
we're actually going to place them all inside.
Right.
So that was my mess up over here.
I should have actually placed them inside.
So again this is going to be all here with the same social icons on here right.
So for the second one I'm going to delete them and place them on here.
All right.
We're going to have a social icons right.
We're going to have a text and then the last one on him saying so then delete the social icons and copy
and paste them on.
Now that we have them here we can say the next page.
Now go back to the main assess and keep working on here with the heading three.
So we're here what I'm going to say here is that this is going to be a further info.
I'm going to say for info here and I'm going to say heading three.
So now I'm targeting having three I'm going to say color and the color is going to be the blue one.
So I'm going to say hash tag to have be nine or here then this is going to be eight and then we're going
to have zero.
All right.
So now I can see that the color actually turned blue.
Then after that what you would want is actually for reading for heading 5 for in for.
I have on this and then we're going to have a color of hash tag 9 5 9 5 9 5 0 like this.
And then will then have a margin here and margin actually is going to be 10 pixels and 0 10 pixels 0.
And then after that let's do a text transform text transform uppercase like this and I will have a icons
on here.
So we're going to say here and this is going to be so so icons and then we're going to have a fire and
then we're going to say this is going to have a color we're hearing the same 1 9 5 9 5 9 5 0 here and
margin say zero and 5 pixels like this and now go ahead and let's actually style the full Rikon this
guy on the right.
So we're going to say we're here and this is going to be for I can you know in this font here size and
we're going to say 40 pixels on this and I'm going to have a color.
Let's again do the little one.
So this is going to be to be 9 8 and this is going to be 0 like this and we're going to have a opacity
and I'm going to set actually this one to zero.
All right.
But just because we got to work right.
That's right.
We're going to see legist coming this one.
And then we'll know that we always need to uncomment that.
And on here we're going to say a line self I'm going to say Center right now actually place them side
by side in the center or here we're going to say transition and for that transition we're going to have
a transform here two seconds he's going to have opacity.
Right.
Also two seconds is here and now that the actual hover mean.
So let's say over here that we would want a former icon can here we're going to say how we're hearing
this.
And then we're going to say transfer one or here transform and we're going to rotate it and rotate it
is going to be actually 90 negative degrees 90 degrees here.
And then also as we're actually hovering over the actual team right because right now basically when
we settle this right as I'm hovering over this icon this should actually be rotating right and should
be transformed rotate 90 degrees.
So what I'm going to do here you can see first of all I misspelled it for her.
So now if we say this.
See what happens right.
So now it's rotate but I also would want it to actually appear and reappear once I'm hovering over an
actual team member.
So what I'm going to say here is I'm going to say class team member here I'm going to say however that
I'm a floater.
I can write to the class that I'm targeting and I'm going to say personally no one knows and nothing
changes right now because we still have this opacity to zero to go back over here and commandeers right
now what's going to happen is that this capacity you can see I need to place an order here and I can
see it disappears or as I'm hovering over it appears again right.
And as I hover actual icon you can see that it actually shows to the top right.
It rotates 90 degrees.
And now that we're done with this I can actually go ahead and start applying media queries for sponsors
great.